First draft for task: Update FAQ/Arguments/dev mode/beta (#35)
MoonlightCapital/MoonlightBot-docs: start-up/faqs.md

## What language is MoonlightBot written in?

It's written in Node.js using the Discord.js library to interface with Discord's API.

## Who is the owner of MoonlightBot?

MoonlightBot is owned by MoonlightCapital. With tag `moonlightcapital` and ID `256460316660072448` on Discord.

## How does the temprole feature work?

There are different types of temprole offered:

* The [Temprole](../role-management-commands/temprole.md) command, which allows a privileged user (usually a moderator) to give someone a role, and make MoonlightBot remove the role after a set duration.
* Self-assignable temproles, that allow users to assign themselves a role through the [Selfrole](../role-management-commands/selfrole.md) command. See how to set this up at [Configuring roles](../management-commands/config.md#roles-self-assignable).
* Join-assigned temproles. Take a look at [Configuring roles](../management-commands/config.md#roles-join-assignable).
* Reaction roles have an option to make their roles temporary. To see how to set up reaction roles, see [Setting up reaction roles](setting-up-reaction-roles.md).

## How do I cancel a temprole?

> You can cancel a temprole to force an immediate expiration by using the `temprole` command with a duration that would make it expire in the past. Say you want to cancel a temprole that has 3 days left:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can cancel a temprole to force an immediate expiration by using the `/temprole` command with a duration that would make it expire in the past. Say you want to cancel a temprole that has 3 days left:
```

same goes for any other temporary action

## How do I cancel a temprole?

You can cancel a temprole to force an immediate expiration by using the `temprole` command with a duration that would make it expire in the past. Say you want to cancel a temprole that has 3 days left of time:
You can cancel a temprole to force an immediate expiration by using the `temprole` command with a duration that would make it expire in the past. Say you want to cancel a temprole that has 3 days left:

```
/temprole <user> <role> -3d
```

Any value lower than `-3d` will work.
Any value lower than `-3d` will work as well.

## How does the temprole sustain mechanic work?

In order to encourage good support practices, a new system for temproles to be sustained to make them function has been introduced.

When operating a temporary role, you need to satisfy either of the following conditions:
- Your maximum duration allowed to set must be the same when you add it, and when the duration expires
- While the temporary role is active, have gained [a vote](../support/upvote-moonlightbot.md) for at least half of the days. For example, a 30 days temprole is sustained by at least 15 votes

> If neither condition is satisfied, the temprole will not removed from the target user. You can check if everything is sustained with the `/status` command, and eventually how to correct it.

Reviewer: So now how does one check? (/list-temproles)

> In order to encourage good support practices, a system has been introduced for sustaining temproles to ensure they remain functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to encourage good support practices, a system has been introduced for sustaining temproles to ensure they remain functional and fair for all servers and users.
```

> When operating a temporary role, you must satisfy one of the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When operating a temporary or pause role, you must satisfy at least one of the following conditions:
```

> 1. **Maximum Duration Consistency**: The maximum duration allowed for the role setter (adder) at the time of the role's expiration must be equal to or greater than the maximum duration allowed at the time the role was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Maximum Duration Consistency**: The maximum duration allowed for the role adder at the time of the role's expiration must be equal to or greater than their maximum duration allowed at the time the role was added
```

> 2. **Vote Requirement**: The number of votes received by the adder must be equal to or greater than the number of days the temporary role lasts. For example, a 30-day temprole requires at least 30 votes to be sustained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Vote Requirement**: The number of votes received by the adder must be equal to or greater than half the number of days the temporary role lasts, rounded up. For example, a 30-day temprole requires at least 15 votes to be sustained
```

My bad for having forgotten this, half. Also link to the page that explains voting

> 3. **Premium Instance**: The server must be on a premium instance (Advance+ tier).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Premium Instance**: The server uses a MoonlightBot Premium instance (Advanced tier or higher)
```

link here as well

> 4. **Exemption Request**: The adder must have requested and received an exemption from bot staff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Be Exempted**: The adder must have requested and received an exemption from bot staff
```

Where? How? Exemption from what?

> If none of these conditions are met, the temprole will be removed from the target user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of these conditions are met, the operation at the end of expiration will not be executed.
```
